.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH SURVEX 1 "2001-04-28"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
survex \- cave survey software
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B survex
[\fIOPTION\fR]... \fISVX_FILE\fR...
.br
.B cavern
[\fIOPTION\fR]... \fISVX_FILE\fR...
.br
.B xcaverot
[\fIOPTION\fR]... \fI3DFILE\fR...
.br
.br
.B printps
[\fIOPTION\fR]... \fI3DFILE\fR...
.br
.B printhpgl
[\fIOPTION\fR]... \fI3DFILE\fR...
.br
.B printpcl
[\fIOPTION\fR]... \fI3DFILE\fR...
.br
.B printdm
[\fIOPTION\fR]... \fI3DFILE\fR...
.br
.br
.B extend
\fIINPUT_3DFILE\fR [\fIOUTPUT_3DFILE\fR]
.br
.B diffpos
\fI3DFILE\fR \fI3DFILE\fR [\fITHRESHOLD\fR]
.br
.B 3dtodxf
[\fIOPTION\fR]... \fI3DFILE\fR [\fI3DFILE\fR]
.br
.B svx2hto
[\fIHTO_FILE\fR [\fISVX_FILE\fR]]
.br
.B hto2svx
\fISVX_FILE\fR [\fIHTO_FILE\fR]
.RI <survex data file>
.br

.SH DESCRIPTION

\fBSurvex\fP is a suite of programs for processing, displaying, and printing
cave survey data.

.PP
This manual page documents briefly the
\fBsurvex\fP,
\fBcavern\fP,
\fBxcaverot\fP,
\fBaven\fP,
\fBprint(ps|hpgl|pcl|dm)\fP,
\fBdiffpos\fP,
\fB3dtodxf\fP,
\fBsvx2hto\fP,
and
\fBhto2svx\fP
commands.
.PP
This manual page is just a pointer - Survex has documentation in sgml, text,
html, postscript and rtf formats; see below.

.\" TeX users may be more comfortable with the \fB<whatever>\fP and
.\" \fI<whatever>\fP escape sequences to invode bold face and italics, 
.\" respectively.
.SH OPTIONS
These programs follow the usual GNU command line syntax, with long
options starting with two dashes (`--').
A summary of common options is included below.
For a complete description, see the full documentation.
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show summary of options.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Show version of program.
.SH SEE ALSO
.\" Nothing - this feeble manpage is it.
These programs are described fully by the documentation found in
/usr/share/doc/survex or /usr/docs/survex
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Wookey <wookey@survex.com> and amended by
Olly Betts <olly@survex.com>
